Light Freshness: ASP.NET - Scaffold + Identity (#37161)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/scaffold-identity/id-scaffold-dlg-auth.md

Run the Identity scaffolder with the following procedures.

# [Visual Studio](#tab/visual-studio)

1. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click the project, and select **Add** > **New Scaffolded Item**.

1. In the left pane of the **Add New Scaffolded Item** dialog, select **Identity**.

1. In the center pane, select **Identity**, and then select **Add**.

1. In the **Add Identity** dialog, select your desired options:

   1. If you have an existing customized layout page for Identity (*_Layout.cshtml*), select the existing page to avoid overwriting your layout with incorrect markup by the scaffolder. For example, select either:

      - *Pages/Shared/_Layout.cshtml* for Razor Pages or Blazor Server projects with existing Razor Pages infrastructure.
      - *Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml* for MVC projects or Blazor Server projects with existing MVC infrastructure.

   1. Select the plus icon (**+**) and add the database context class, **DbContext class**. You must select at least one file to add your data context.

>       - To create a data context, select the plus icon (**+**). Accept the default value or specify a new class for Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - To create a data context, select the plus icon (**+**). Accept the default value or specify a class (for example, `Contoso.Data.ApplicationDbContext` for a company named "Contoso").
```
The original concrete example helped developers understand what kind of value to enter.  It is needed.
